	Executive SummaryI have over 25 years of Technology leadership experience. Currently, I am the CTO/CPO for Perfectserve, a healthcare SaaS company. In the first year, we drove a Gross margin of 78% vs. a forecast of 77%. We improved Adj. EBITDA by 1% over forecast to 39%. This enabled the largest ARR growth in the company's history, of 14M, and drove R&D velocity up by 133% via offshore staffing to 73%. At SitusAMC, we reduced IT operating costs by 1.9M in the first six months, with a reduction of 2.9M in year two and 3.3 M in year three simultaneously, supporting the growth of 2,913 new employees. My background as a United States Marine exemplifies a dedication to helping others achieve their full potential, a value closely aligned with teamwork and collaboration. My personal interests and family values, including a strong bond with my wife, children, and grandchildren, reflect a commitment to nurturing a supportive, familial work culture.I believe in empowering others to enhance their skills, processes, and capabilities.* During my tenure at DaVita, our Project Portfolio grew from 5 million to 64 million dollars, encompassing 48 different programs across 3 Data Centers, 2,300 Clinics, and 12 central business offices that support 6,500 teammates. This enabled the transformation of Clinical Systems, Revenue Operations, and Machine Learning.* Shortened time to cash for SaaS applications from 12 to 3 months through pipeline automation and decreased delivery cycle times. * Created DevOps teams in the following areas: Identity Access Management, Infrastructure as a Service, Platform as a Service, Application as a Service.* International Management of programs in 8 countries* Establish "SCP" Secure Contain Protect to continuously evaluate all AWS accounts and workloads to quickly identify areas of deviation from best practices. Provided actionable and prescriptive guidance on improving and maintaining our organization's security posture.* Created a Security strategic roadmap to achieve operational adherence to NISTÊSP 800-53 Rev. 5. leveraging AWS Security Hub controls* Implemented a transformation strategy to replace DaVita's clinical functionality with a next-generation platform for the safe and efficient delivery of care. This supports an integrated care environment while offering an enhanced experience for patients, physicians, and teammates, ultimately improving patients' health-related quality of life.* Led SOX compliance teams for 13 years in the telecom industry.* Telecom Industry experience: Prepaid Billing (domestic and international, iRoam, DACC)* Managed deployments in call control environments WIN/Camel II, IS-41EE, and fixed wireless, integrated and tested within Ericsson, Nortel, and Motorola labs.	Name	 	Page  2ROBERT HACKNEY335 Dusk Ct Erie, CO 80516(303) 921-8851 mobilehackneybob@hotmail.com